(cheerful music)
Alright, let's get working on rendering out
the single pizza page.
So we will go into single pizza page right here,
and, we need to destructure,
the data that comes in,
and I believe it's like this.
And we should be able to console.log the data.
There we go,
they got our pizza.
Okay, so, and then we can just say const pizza,
or maybe destructure that further,
pizza is equal to data.
You can also destructure this a little bit deeper.
Maybe we'll do that here,
I know I said I don't like doing that,
but I'd like to leave you with an example
of destructuring it even further.
Then we should be able to console log pizza.
Here we go.
So, the downside to that is now that
if I wanna console log pizza or data,
sorry, like if we had another query here,
it doesn't exist.
You'd have to destructure whatever
it is that you want from that,
but whatever.
I'll leave you with that example there.
That's, destructuring a property,
two levels deep.
Now, we'll go into here and we'll return a div,
and we will render out the image.
So we'll give ourselves an image and we have
to import IMG from Gatsby image
just because it's,
I don't think it's called gats IMG in the package
and that's why the auto import doesn't work.
Then, we can say fluid
is equal to pizza.image.asset.fluid.
There we go.
That was our nice pizza showing up.
and then, we'll give ourselves another div here
and that's because we're gonna
use some CSS grid in just a second
H2 is the class of Mark,
we'll give the pizza name
and then we need to loop over all
of the toppings that are on there.
So, give ourselves an unordered list,
curly brackets, pizza.toppings.map
topping, for each topping, or turn-a-list item,
we'll go ahead and put the key of the topping.id right away,
And then we'll put the topping.name
in that list item.
Let's see what we got here.
Here we go.
Cook Norris chicken, onion peppers.
Cool.
Now let's whip up a quick little grid,
so that these things will go side by side.
So const pizza grid is equal to style.div.
We need the auto import styled,
see that, it popped in right there.
It will display
grid, grid gap to rem grid template columns.
That's gonna be repeat auto fill
min max 200px.
Ooh, 200px not 2000.
Don't go crazy on this,
and I believe grid.
We gotta actually use the grid.
I'm like, it's not showing up.
That's cause,
that's why I like this little yellow underline,
It tells you you declared it,
but you never used it.
So what are you doing?
So, I believe that is here.
Pizza grid.
Boom.
That's not what I wanted.
I think let's chalk this up to 500,
not five, four.
There we go.
And then that should, yeah that,
that's responsive by nature.
Alright, that's looking good.
One more thing is I lied to you.
If we go to this toppings filter
remember where I told you,
we needed to query the toppings here,
and we probably could get away with just using the pizzas?
and then I just did that.
So, you don't actually need to query the toppings here,
the reason being,
is because we're querying all the pizzas
and their toppings,
and we're not actually using the toppings at all here.
So what I'm gonna do is,
I'll leave it like that,
but just so you know,
we're not actually using this in as part of our query.
The actual loop of the toppings comes from,
the aggregation that we did
with that map filter reduce little diddy.
Alright. See, you in the next one.